So in this video we will be talking about the second page of the application form and the third page
of the application form.
Those classes are sign up to join Java and sign up today dot Java.
So the sign up to the Java class has been defined inside the package bank and in this class we have
imported Java .8. asterisk package eight dot event package Java X dot Spring package our dot SQL package.
So these package B are imported for to access their methods.
Now we have defined our sign up to sign up to class, which is extending frame and implementing actions.
There are 13 labels instances, one button and four radio buttons, three text fields, five combo boxes
and a string named as form number.
Then we have defined the construct parameter as constructor for the sign up to class, which is taking
a string form number.
Then we have added an image with the help of label and image icon objects and then set the label bound
whose location will be 150, comma zero and size will be 100 cross hundred adding that label to our
frame.
After that, we have initialized the current form number, a string instance to the past from number
and string.
And after that we have set the title as new account application form page number two.
As we have discussed in the previous video, the first sign of file, which will be the application
form number, page one.
This will be the application form number, page two.
So here there is a label one.
Page two additional details setting its font size 22 font type bold and font family as well.
Then there is another label as religion.
Its setting its font size as a 18 font type as the railway and font font families railway and font type
is bold.
Similarly, this font size will be applicable to all the all these labels like label three, which is
category have the same font properties.
And similarly there is an income label which also have the similar font properties.
Then there is the educational label qualification label, occupation label and label for the number
or the number label for the senior citizen.
Any existing account label for the form number?
And then there is a label which will be storing the form number.
So this is the form number, which is a string.
So this is stored the form number.
This will show the form number and its font type, font type of this label form number and form number
is 13, size is 13.
And then there is a button next which will move us to take us to the third application form page.
Then we have sent the font for that button.
Its font family is railway, font type is bold and font size is 14.
After that, there is a background color as black and foreground color as white.
Then we have there are the text fields defined for that respect to label.
So there are.
Text field even we have defined its font properties after that for the respective text field.
We have defined its properties.
Those are similar to the above labels.
Then we have defined the radio button.
Yes, that's for the senior citizens.
Button setting its font and background color.
After that, we have defined the radio button.
No, that's also for the Senior Citizen Railway or that's its setting, its fonts and background color.
Similarly, there is a railway button for yes and no.
These railway radio buttons are for existing account purpose.
Or is there any account the customer have already in the account, bank account or not?
Similarly, there is a string of religion we have created Hindu, Muslim, sick, Christian or any other
religion.
Then we have added or pastor that a string of named as religion into our combo box then set the background
colour as white and its font.
Similarly, there is a string category.
Installing General OBC assist and other passing that category area of a string to our C to combo box.
Setting its background colour and font properties.
Then there is a string income, so income will store null less than 1.5 lakh, 2.5 lakh 510 lakh and
about ten lakh passing that string of income to our combo box, setting its background, colour and
font properties.
After that, similarly for the education, we will have a string like non graduate graduate, postgraduate
doctorate and others passing that education is string to add it to our combo work setting as background
colour and foreground colour.
After that we have a string occupation, salaried, self employed, business student, retired or others
passing that total combo box, background colour and four font properties for that combo box setting
the layout as null.
After that, what we did is set the location and size for all the labels.
So this is for the L1 to label L1 three, label L1 L2 C one that will be combo box l3c2l43, three,
five, c four and l11.
After that four.
L six.
C five.
We have set the bond and size.
Similarly, after that, we have set for the EL 71 EL 82 line or one or two.
Then similarly for the L 110 R three or four and for the button as well.
After that, we have added action.
Listen to the button and decide the background colour of the complete frame as white.
Then we have set the size as 850 cross, 750 of the frame and location has 500 comma 120.
After that, we have set the visibility of the window as true.
Then we have we have defined the action performed method which is taking action event inside the string
religion category, income, education and occupation.
We have selected the items from the combo box and type casted them to the strings respectively.
Then we have installed bankcard and other card detail in a string band and other.
And for the citizen senior citizen a string.
We will check if the radio button one is selected.
Then we will store yes in senior citizen a string.
Otherwise we will store knowing senior citizen.
Similarly, for the existing account, if our three selected, we will store.
Yes.
If our four is selected, we will store.
No.
So inside the log what we did at two textures equals two null.
So that fill all the required details.
As we will go on seven point neocon so a string into this will q one will create a string a string insight
into sign two values.
These will contain all the required values, and for that inserting into our table seven notice is not
executable that very will execute the query and update values in our table.
After that, we will move the control of the program to the sign up three passing that current form
number and set the visibility as true and set the visibility of current window as false cache block
will handle any exception if occurs and instead the main function.
We have defined the current instance of sign up with the null string value and set the results to large.
Let's move to the last application form base that is sign up three dot Java.
This is defined inside the package bank.
We have imported the necessary package here also.
After that we have defined the class, which is extending frame and extension.
There is also 12 labels for radio buttons, two buttons and seven checkboxes.
A string number, form number.
Then we have defined the parameterized constructor and initialize the current instance of our number
to the past instance, past the string form number.
After that, we have said the title as new account application form page three.
Then we have added the image and it's added the image to the label and added that label to our frame.
Similarly, we have defined label here.
That is a page three account details settings font properties, account type font properties, card
number.
It's from properties and there is another label as showing the format of the card number.
It's setting its font again.
Now use exchange is in card number label and setting its font.
Then it would appear on the ATM card, checkbook and bank statement label, setting its font pin for
setting its font, another label as which will show the format for the pin, setting its fonts.
Then four digit password setting its font.
After that there is a service required setting its font form number for its font properties.
Then for another label which will be storing the form number and setting its font properties, then
there is a button submit setting its font properties, background and foreground colour.
After that there is a button cancel setting its font properties, background and foreground color.
Then there is a checkbox save an ATM card, another checkbox for internet banking setting its background,
color and font type properties.
Similarly, for the mobile banking checkbox email alert checkbox checkbox, checkbox e statement checkbox
and then there is a checkbox for declaration.
I hereby declares that I will enter details correct to the best of my knowledge.
And after that.
Uh.
We have radio buttons, saving account setting, it's fonts and background colour.
Then there is a radio button fixed deposit account setting its font and background color.
Then there is a ready button for current account font and background color and recurring deposit account
font background color.
Then we have a group to those radio buttons with the help of button group instance group group gender
and added.
All these buttons are one are to have three and four into that.
Then we have set the layout as null.
After that, what we have did is is scaled the position and size for all the labels, text field radio
buttons and required fields.
So combo box checkboxes.
We have set their position with the help of said bounce method.
After that, what we did here is get content paint, set background color as white.
So this will set the background color of the complete window file white.
Then set the size as 850, close 850.
Then set location as 500, cross 120 and visibility as true.
Then we have added action as needed both of the buttons.
B1 and be to.
After that inside the action perform the event which is taking action event object it string a type
is equal account type is also null.
So if our run selected we will store saving account.
If are two then fixed up our deposit account if our three current account if our for recurring deposit
account.
Similarly for the random, we have randomized our number for seven which and inside the card number
we will install the first seven digits.
Of this variable, which will have the first seven digits for the car number and for the first three
digits for the PIN number, we will store in the string pin and then a string facility.
If the seven is selected, we will add inside the facility, we will add ATM card, Internet banking
too.
So those are the facilities which will be selected.
All of these will be added inside the facility string with these if statements inside the drive log.
What we have done is if the source of the button is from V1, then we will check if a account type is
equals to null.
Then we will show that.
Fill all the required details.
So after that, if we will create the connection and execute two queries.
So first we need to insert the data in the sign up tree table and as well as we will be inserting data
in our login table which will contain form number, card number and pin as card number and pin will
be generated randomly.
So we will execute both of the queries installed in a string.
Q1 and Q2.
And so the dialog box that the card number and pin has been generated, then we will move to our new
deposit pin.
Her class and said the visibility as to if the source of the button is from B2, then we will system
dot exit close so the complete program will be closed.
Now inside the public static wide menu string areas, we will be calling new sign up tree with null
values and set the visibility as true.
So this is all about the application form classes which are signed up one sign up, sign up to and sign
up three.
There will be three pages in the application form and we have talked about all these classes which are
creating these three pages.
So that's all in this video.